Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God!
- Fuck this!
They leaned against each
other in the cold night air.
In that moment.
they might as well have been
the last two people on earth.
And they trusted each other
even more
than they trusted themselves.
What do you think so far?
I think it's really interesting.
I love that you're writing about
people in relatable situations.
I think that that's really good.
Just tell me.
what's wrong with it?
It's just feeling
a little bit. like...
I don't know. like. gratuitous.
I don't know.
What I'm hearing is
I should stick
with teaching community college
and forget about
being a novelist
because
every community college teacher
- wants to be a novelist.
- Baby. I never said that.
So. I'm just another
embarrassing cliché.
I would never say that.
I support you unconditionally.
Yeah. I know.
♪ Sex and violence
♪ Sex and violence ♪
Oh. my God.
I didn't realize
how big this place would be.
Moving across country
is so stressful.
I really just wanna relax
this weekend.
Do you remember
what you said to me
the first night
that we slept together?
I said. "I'm so sorry. that's
never happened to me before.
It's just because
you are so beautiful."
No. I mean before that.
Do you remember
what we were talking about?
Uh...
Refresh my memory.
Um. we were talking about
cancel culture.
and you said that our generation
is gonna destroy
artistic expression
'cause we're too busy
being outraged
by anything that doesn't fit
within our worldview.
- That was a pretty hot take.
- I know.
No wonder you fell for me.
So. why aren't you taking
any chances?
Huh?
You don't have to play it safe.
You can piss people off.
You can hurt their feelings.
Just fuck them if they hate it.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Fuck them. Fuck them.
-  Do you have the code?
-  Yep. Here it is.
Ta-da.
Oh. my God!
This house is insane.
How are we even affording this?
I know
you said we had to cut back.
but we couldn't spend
every night of our trip
in shitty hotels.
You deserve this.
Okay. but this has to be
our last hurrah.
because we're
a one-income household. Ooh.
This weekend is our last chance
to spend time and reconnect
before I'm off to the races
and you start your new job.
Do you ever think a place
like this has hidden cameras?
When I was booking it.
I specifically checked the box
for "no pervert host."
You're cute.
Oh. my God.
I'm gonna go check outside.
Oh. wow. there's a boat.
Oh.
Hello.
I'm declaring this weekend
"clothing optional."
I can see that.
- You're naked.
- Yep.
- Mm-hm.
Right now?
Yeah. We don't have to.
Oh. hey. hey. hey. hey. No.
I have been meaning to schedule
a meeting with him as well.
Okay.
Just to discuss...
um...
business.
Okay.
- Yeah.
So. I'm gonna just...
Yeah.
Hello. sir.
It's been so long. I missed you.
Would you like a kiss?
Okay.
I have a surprise for you.
What kind of surprise?
I'm gonna come. Are you?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah? Okay.
Oh. sorry. Sorry.
Ooh.
Ow.
- Fuck me.
- Wow.
- This place is huge.
- This is insane.
Hello.
Um...
Oh. fuck.
Are you guys still cleaning?
Shit.
Um... Hi.
Hi.
Are we in the wrong place?
Well. I mean. the QR code
worked on the door.
- Check-in was noon.
- I'm sorry.
I think there might be some
sort of misunderstanding...
- Well. yeah.
- ...because we've--
We have the...
this house for the weekend.
Yeah.
Oh.
Right. Well. uh. I mean.
that's not good. is it?
'Cause we also booked
this house for the weekend.
Don't be ridiculous.
- Fuck.
- Hosts shouldn't be allowed
to list on more than one app.
That's how this shit happens.
Yeah. There's not another
hotel for 50 miles.
-  What do you wanna do?
-  I love this place.
I left a message for the host.
Hopefully. he'll call back soon.
Fuck.
Yeah. Uh...
I mean. rock. paper. scissors
to decide who stays?
Yeah.
Oh.
Okay. yeah. let's do it.
Two out of three?
Sure. yeah.
Okay.
Can we find a slightly
more mature solution?
- Sure. yeah.
- Look.
We both have codes
to the front door.
- Mm-hm.
- We both have reservations.
We'll obviously get a refund
for this fuckup.
There are plenty
of bedrooms here.
What. you're suggesting we share
this place with total strangers?
I mean. we can drive to a hotel.
but it won't be this beautiful.
And we'll still be
around strangers.
Yeah. that's a reasonable point.
First step
to not being strangers.
- This is Will. I'm Cin.
- Hi.
- "Sin"?
- With a C.
Not short for "Cindy."
Short for "Cinnamon."
Um. I'm... I'm Sage.
- and this is Diego.
-  Hi.
Look. I'm pretty good
at reading people.
and I get the gist that you guys
are not the most spontaneous.
Um...
Guys. this is
so awkward. I get it.
but the alternatives
are not great.
We have food.
We have a shit-ton of alcohol.
- You're an amazing chef.
- Yes. I am.
He'll cook you a lunch you won't
forget. And we can just agree
that if. at any point. any of us
feel uncomfortable or weird.
you guys can do your little
rock. paper. scissors game.
Winner stays. loser goes.
When Will
saw this house on the app.
he thought "Bone Lake"
was a euphemism.
-  Oh. great.
-  I thought it was called
Bone Lake because it's a
secluded place where people--
-  Don't say it.
- Yeah. I thought that.
- Great minds.
- Male minds.
But it turns out.
in the 1950s
there was this wealthy family
that bought up
all the land in the area.
When they discovered the lake.
they found dozens
of human skeletons
all over the beach.
One theory is
there was a serial killer
who would dispose his bodies
in the lake.
And after a storm.
they all washed ashore.
So. what brings you here?
Oh. you know.
just looking to spice things up.
I'm not sure
how quick I can jump into
the straight-up guy talk.
Sage is cute as fuck.
She's girl-next-door hot.
which is the best kind.
Totally intended
as a compliment.
I mean. I know how lucky I am.
but frankly. Cin is too pretty.
Let's face it. Everyone
wants to fuck my girlfriend.
I'm not saying
you wanna fuck her.
Sage and I
are very happy together.
Dude. I can already tell
you're a good guy.
I like you.
Aw. look at you both.
You're so cute.
So. I wanna get
to know you more.
How'd you and Diego meet?
Oh. we met in college.
He's from Mexico City.
but he came to the U.S.
for school.
- So. Diego is a writer?
- Yeah. he is.
Yeah.
Well. for the last few years.
he's been. um. teaching
at. uh. this community college.
But he's gonna be writing
a novel full-time now.
- Stop. You're kidding.
- Yeah.
So. I'm gonna
cover us financially.
That is a really
bold move. Sage.
Yeah. it's exciting.
I think it's really sweet of you
to support his dreams like that.
I mean. he must be
a really great writer.
Yeah.
Hey. buddy.
Hey. Oof. Shit.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
It's okay. You're lucky that
I have no survival instincts.
or. you know. I might
have punched you in the throat.
You're funny. man.
Well. I'm gonna go for a run.
Wanna join me?
- Just gonna do 5-10 miles.
- Okay.
Well. yeah. that sounds awful.
- All right. man. Suit yourself.
- Yeah. enjoy.
-  Hey.
- Oh. man.
You gotta stop doing that.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- Look. I. uh...
I know you probably didn't
want me to see the ring box.
but I did.
Are you thinking of...?
Yeah. I was planning
to do it here by the lake.
Oh. shit.
Until we showed up
and ruined
your romantic weekend.
- It's not your fault. It's okay.
- Dude. I'm so sorry.
Look. uh. you just
give me a heads-up.
and I'll make sure
we get out of your way. okay?
Cool. yeah. Thanks.
The day after tomorrow.
at. like. sunset?
- Wow.
- Yeah.
All right. great. Yeah.
C... Can I see it?
Sure. Yeah.
Oh. man. It's beautiful.
It was my grandmother's.
It's not exactly
what Sage would have chosen.
but. you know.
it's a family heirloom.
I'm sure she's gonna love it.
I don't really know
what I'm doing. man.
Look. I barely know her. but I'm
sure she wants to marry you.
Right?
Well. I hope so.
Right. All right. I'm gonna run.
All right. cool. cool.
Yeah. yeah. enjoy.
How long have you
and Diego been together?
Like. three years.
How long have you guys
been together?
I feel like we've known
each other our whole lives.
We've officially been a couple
for eight years.
but we've known each other
since we were kids.
- Aw. that's so cute.
-  Yeah.
It's really romantic.
but it's not without its drama.
-  Mm.
- Our parents were really close.
so it was a shock to everyone
we hooked up.
Well. hopefully. they're happy
now that you guys are so happy.
Yeah. My dad
never really took to Will.
I wish I was attracted
to harmless.
I'm not.
- Cin. what do you do?
- I'm in wealth management.
So. I manage
rich people's money.
Investments and that kind
of thing. It's lucrative.
Fun.
Diego. I have a client
I think could help you.
Edmund Kerns.
- It's my favorite author.
- Get out of here.
I should get him
to read some of your work.
Oh. my God. No. I couldn't
ask you to do that.
- No. no. no. he could. He can.
- Yes. definitely.
You are not asking.
I'm offering.
But here's the thing.
I hate fiction.
Will loves fiction.
Yeah. I do.
Give him something
of yours to read.
and if he likes it.
- I'll share it with Edmund.
- Thank you.
- Wow.
-  Aw.
I'd like to make a toast.
- Ooh.
- Okay.
To friendship. New friendship.
And to Diego and Sage.
To Will and Cin
and new friendship. Yes.
- Cheers.
-  Cheers.
- I love you.
Babe. forgot to plug in the car.
Sage?
Hey. Sage?
Yeah?
Um...
We forgot to plug in the car.
- Huh?
- The car.
We forgot to plug it in.
I'm gonna go do that.
Unless you want me
to join you in there.
Um...
I could wash your back.
Or your front.
I'm okay.
Yeah.
Cool. Um. yeah. I'll just...
I'll just go plug in the car.
Okay.
Diego?
Hi.
- Hi.
- Are you alone?
Um. yeah. Sage is working
- and Will is out jogging.
- Oh.
Well. do you mind helping me
with something really quick?
What... Um. what do you need?
I really appreciate it.
- Thank you.
- Yes. of course.
Um...
Any idea where I should start?
You know. I thought
they were in my makeup bag.
Do you mind
just looking in the bathroom?
Bathroom. Of course.
Probably on the counter.
The makeup bag.
Okay. yes. makeup bag.
I shouldn't take off my contacts
without knowing
where my glasses are.
Don't worry.
You know. Sage does it all the--
- Sorry. Sorry.
-  It's okay.
Do you guys
both have bad eyesight?
- Yeah.
- You wear glasses.
- Are they there?
- Um...
No. they... They're not here.
Okay. Um...
Do you mind just
finding something for me to wear
so I'm not standing here
in a towel?
Of course.
My suitcase is the pink one.
The pink one. Yeah. sure.
Uh...
Okay.
What can I get you--
Uh. what... What do you need?
Can you grab me
a pair of panties?
Panties. yes. Uh...
Oh. Okay.
- Um...
- And a pair of jeans.
Jeans. Okay. jeans.
Oh. jeans. This.
And then a cherry top.
Cherry. Cherry. like...
- Cherry.
- It... It has cherries on it.
It has cherries on it.
Oh. it does have cherries on it.
I... I see. Yes.
- Okay?
- Thank you. Diego.
Sure. Sure. Of co--
Oh. do you want a bra?
- I...
- No.
- No?
- I'm okay.
You are a lifesaver.
They have to be
in here somewhere.
if you don't mind looking
a little bit more.
Uh. no. I don't...
I... I don't mind.
You know what? They're
probably in my car. I'll just--
I'll put in my contacts.
and I'll look for them later.
Thank you. Diego.
Diego?
There is a kind of loneliness
that lodges itself
in the psyche
and never fully leaves.
Most anguishing not in solitude
but in companionship
and amid the crowd.
Therefore. I would ask you
to write all kinds of books.
hesitating at no subject
however trivial
or however vast.
I hope that you will possess
yourselves of money.
enough to travel and to idle.
to contemplate the future
or the past of the world.
Guess we're both blind.
Sorry?
- Here you go.
- Oh. wow.
I can't see anything
without my contacts.
Luckily. I just found them.
Yeah. my eyes are horrible.
Is this for me?
- It is for you.
- Thank you.
Mm.
Where's Diego?
Oh. The last time I saw him.
he was trying to find
a writing sample
- to show Will.
- Oh. no.
So. he'll probably be doing that
- for the rest of the weekend.
- I'm so sorry.
I wanna make sure that you know
I'm having so much fun
hanging out with you.
- So have I.
- I just...
I need to make sure
that we're cool.
- Yeah.
- We're cool?
- Yeah. Why wouldn't we be?
- I don't know.
The whole Diego seeing me
in nothing but a towel.
I just didn't want you
to be mad at me.
So. Diego saw you in a towel?
Well. he might have seen
a little bit more than that.
but it was my fault.
- Did he not tell you this?
- Um... No.
I couldn't find my glasses.
I asked for his help.
I don't want you to think that
anything inappropriate happened.
- Yeah.
- Nothing happened.
I know. It's okay.
I just know
it can get really tricky
this many years
into a relationship. so...
I would wanna know. you know?
- What do you mean?
- Hm.
Men are stupid.
Men are really fucking stupid.
- Yeah.
- And they do dumb shit.
- Right.
- You know what I mean?
And women
always blame each other.
Like. a guy
can stand up for himself.
I want you to know.
and I need you to know
that I would never let anything
inappropriate happen.
I promise you.
- I trust Diego. It's really--
- Good.
Good. You should trust Diego.
I feel so dumb
that I even said anything.
I'm gonna go before
I say anything else stupid.
but let me know
if you need a refill on that.
- Okay. thank you.
- I'll see you later.
Yeah.
Hey.
She's pretty.
So is he.
Yeah.
So are you.
- That was really good. So good.
- That was good. right?
Yeah. it was definitely
the right thing to say.
They've got kind of. like.
a weird vibe.
Sometimes.
- Do you know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- Maybe.
- Maybe?
Wait.
Do you think we should leave?
I don't know.
I mean. this weekend
was supposed to be just us.
and now
we're with two strangers.
Well. we had some time
for us on this trip already.
They ruined my clothing-optional
weekend. for sure. but...
It's just...
It's crazy that they offered
to get my writing read.
I know. It's a really
good opportunity.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Look. if anything
too weird happens.
we just pack our bags and go.
Okay?
It's just tonight
and tomorrow night.
And then we're back on the road.
Please?
Please? I... I really need this.
- Okay.
-  Hey. guys.
-  Hey!
Do you guys
like to play games?
I like games.
-  Diego?
- Oh. he doesn't play anything
that has more rules
than rock. paper. scissors.
Okay. rock. paper. scissors
is not a game.
it's a conflict resolution tool.
- Well. we love games.
- All kinds of games.
Easy games. Hard games.
Low stakes. High stakes.
Well. I'm down. but you're gonna
have to convince Diego.
It's not--
I just don't like games.
I think there's enough
competition in the world.
- Here we go.
- I prefer activities
that promote harmony.
like drinks.
- Boo!
- Thank you.
He also doesn't like them.
but I'm very good at them.
- That is not true.
- That checks out.
We will be so gentle with you.
Baby. we won't be. We can't.
We can't leave you out. Diego.
You know what? I've got an idea.
Oh. God. What is it?
Why don't we break into
the locked doors
- at the end of the hallway?
- Baby. no. that's not a game.
- That's literally a crime.
- It's a game.
All you need for a game
is rules and opponents.
Our opponents
are the motherfuckers
who booked us in this
sweet-ass lake house.
And the rules are...
Break into the rooms
without anyone ever knowing.
- I don't hate it.
- You know what?
- What?
- It's easy enough to win
if we all play
by the same rules.
Okay. come on.
And first of all. why do
you have a meat tenderizer?
Because. Diego.
I couldn't find a hammer.
I thought you couldn't enter
without anybody finding out.
Uh. yeah. I can.
Which door should we do first?
Mmm...
- This one?
- This one.
All right.
What? That's never gonna work.
Oh. it absolutely works. Diego.
Check YouTube.
You really
can learn anything online.
You just gently tap
on the side of the lock.
and the tumblers
fall into place.
- Guys.
- Baby. wait until you see this.
-  What is it?
- Oh. my God.
I don't know what I was
expecting. but it wasn't this.
Guys. what is this?
Yo. we call dibs
on the sex swing.
Let them use it.
We have one.
No. we're good.
Don't sit on that.
- Yeah. Thank you.
- That's not clean.
I don't think it's a good idea
to touch anything in here.
Do you guys want
a sex toy for later?
No. we're good. Actually.
we're done. Let's go. Sage.
- You wanna go?
- Yeah. let's go.
- Fuck. yeah!
-  Thank you. guys.
Babe. they're clean.
Don't touch anything.
Jesus.
-  Wait till you see this.
-  Oh. my...
What is it?
Guys.
No.
Do Ouija boards count
as games. Diego?
-  Fuck this.
-  Guys. I don't...
I don't...
I don't wanna be in here.
Don't go near that thing.
I'm regretting
coming in here.
and I wanna leave.
-  What does it say?
-  "The search continues
for prominent Manhattan
businessman Robert Price
and his wife. Marilyn Price.
who have been missing
for almost two weeks.
The couple and their children
who frequently vacation
on Bone Lake...
- What?
- ...were scheduled
to spend the long weekend
at their secluded
lakefront property."
Wait. like. this house?
- They mean this house?
- What?
Yeah. I think so.
- Stop laughing. It's--
- How old is the article?
- Look how scared you are.
- It's from...
-  15 years ago.
-  Guys.
- Baby. please. I can't do this.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm done. too.
Aw. guys!
- Ooh. so scary.
- Yeah. That was so scary.
You guys don't want
door number three?
I vote for locking these doors
and pretending we never went in.
I had a feeling.
All right. Fair enough.
- Are you hearing this?
- Oh. my God.
They're pretty loud.
Should we say something?
Oh. God. I don't wanna
hurt their feelings.
You know. we can. uh.
make some noise of our own.
See... See if we can
drown them out.
Hey.
Why are you so against
using sex toys?
Are we gonna revisit this again?
You wrote a whole article
about it.
I won an award for that article.
Not that I'll be doing that
again any time soon. but...
Sage. if you wanna be
a freelance journalist.
then that's what you should do.
I didn't ask you
to take the editor's job.
- I want us to be equals.
- I'm not saying that.
I'm happy
to do the editing job for us.
That has nothing to do
with your attitude on sex toys.
I just think we should be
pleasuring each other.
That's all.
It's our job in the bedroom.
I don't think we should be
using things to help with that.
And I'm entitled
to have that opinion.
You're entitled
to any opinion you want.
but it's easy for you
to say that.
You have a completely
different anatomy than I do.
I saw you earlier.
What?
Masturbating in the bath.
Okay.
I offered to join.
Are you mad at me because I
wanted to give myself an orgasm?
No. I'm not mad. It's just...
- Don't you masturbate?
- Of course I do.
So. it's okay for you.
but it's not okay for me?
The point is. I don't masturbate
instead of having sex with you.
Okay. Um...
We should go to bed. Let's just
talk about this in the morning.
It's--
Oh. Sorry.
Good morning.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. it's okay.
I'm not shy.
I-- Yeah. I was not expecting
to see anyone out here.
I mean. it's exhilarating
how vulnerable you feel
to be out in nature.
totally exposed.
You should try it.
I'm gonna go inside.
Hey. we're making brunch.
You and Diego should join.
-  This is incredible.
-  Mimosa?
-  Yeah. Yes!
-  Yeah?
- Okay. Wow.
-  Oh. my God.
-  Wow.
-  Really.
completely my pleasure.
Yeah. you outdid yourself. baby.
Fuck it.
I have something I need to say.
Something I need to do.
Huh?
Uh... And...
Now seems like
a really good time.
Uh...
Actually...
Cin?
Oh. Will.
Cin.
You are the only woman
I have ever loved.
It's like time didn't even exist
until we were together.
I was gonna propose
somewhere romantic
like down by the lake at sunset.
but I just couldn't help myself.
I just... I looked at you.
and I just
have to do it right now.
This is my grandmother's ring.
It's beautiful.
Will you marry me?
Yeah!
Yes?
Yes!
- Yes?
- Yes.
You guys.
Let me put it on.
-  Aw!
-  Okay.
I'm shaking.
- And yes. it fits.
- I love you.
Oh.
Diego. Look at it.
Well done. Will.
- Should we toast. I guess?
-  Yes.
Cheers to this awesome weekend?
- Yes. to us.
-  To a life together.
To planning a wedding.
To planning one day--
Will. can I...
Can I talk to you?
Can't it wait
till after the toast?
No. it can't wait.
I wanna talk right fucking now.
I mean. this is kind
of a bad time.
It just definitely can't wait!
Diego.
What are you doing?
Oh. no. no. no. I...
I know what this is about.
Give me one second. okay?
We'll be back. Just one minute.
- You okay. dude?
-  "Are you okay?"
Am I okay? What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Look. I am so sorry.
- I fucked up. All right?
- That's an understatement.
You stole my grandmother's ring
and used it to propose
to your girlfriend.
I know.
I just needed to say it out loud
so I could make sure
you hear how insane it is.
Look. look. There's no excusing
what I've done.
- but can I at least explain?
- No!
I don't want an explanation.
Just go tell her the truth
right now.
or I'm going to.
Look. man. our relationship
isn't as perfect as it seems.
No shit! Is it maybe because
you're out of your fucking mind?
Don't say that. Diego.
Don't say that. That's not nice.
Man. I'm not a bad guy. okay?
Even if it seems like that
at the moment.
I'm just desperate.
I'm scared of losing her.
Man. she supports me
emotionally and financially.
I'm sorry.
but there's nothing you can say
to justify what you just did.
I'm leaving.
Man. she's cheating on me.
Do you know
what that feels like.
to have the person you would do
anything for
cheat on you?
When I saw the ring.
I saw the answer.
I needed her to see
that I believed in her.
and I needed to see
that she believes in me.
Look. I shouldn't
have taken it. man.
I shouldn't have taken it.
It was a shitty thing to do.
But please. please don't...
Don't make me
tell her right now.
I mean. this whole thing
is so fragile.
God. you and Sage
don't know this
because you just don't have
to deal with this kind of shit.
When Sage and I had been
together for a few months only.
she slept with her ex.
It wasn't premeditated.
He just...
came up to see her unexpectedly.
and she let it happen.
Oh. I'm sorry. man.
When she told me. I was crushed.
I thought she had ruined
the perfect thing.
It took time...
but we got past it.
- Really?
- I've had a great relationship.
And I didn't have to steal
anybody's ring.
Look. I promise
I'll get her ring back
before the weekend is through.
I just need a little time.
Hey. hey. hey. I fucked up.
I fucked up. I fucked up.
Look.
I... I'll make sure
that Cin gets Edmund Kerns
to read your writing.
I know that doesn't
make up for what I did.
but I feel like we can
help each other out.
Thank you so much
for helping me clean up.
Of course. You guys cooked.
Well. it was all Will. but...
- Hi.
- Thank you.
You didn't have to do that.
Is everything okay?
Diego knew
that I was gonna propose.
He helped me plan
something elaborate.
and then I just took him
by surprise. that's all.
I told him to make sure
I didn't fuck it up.
and then I fucked it up.
No. babe.
it was the perfect proposal.
I told him that
once I set my mind on something.
- I just gotta do it.
-  Can't be stopped.
- Right.
- He did everything I asked.
- It's not his fault.
- Well. Sage and I were talking.
and I think we're running low
on supplies.
Yeah. we need to make
sure we have enough food
to be able to stay
the full weekend. right?
-  Hm.
-  Yeah.
I mean. you guys
have been so nice
letting us eat your food.
and I just wanna do
something in return.
This would be us chipping in.
Thank you both.
That's so nice of you.
That's. uh...
That's amazing.
So. I'll drive her
to that little general store
that we saw on the way up.
Babe. yes.
that sounds very nice.
And I could take her.
I gotta fill the car up anyway.
Is that okay?
- Can you do that?
- I'll come along.
No. Stay
and keep me company.
Yeah. I don't mind.
I'll go with them.
- Stay.
-  You don't have to come.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I'm fine. Stay here.
-  All right.
- Clean up the rest?
Yeah. sure.
The weather says
there might be a storm coming.
Can I ask you
a personal question?
Do you trust Diego?
Yeah. of course.
Okay.
Why would you ask that?
Cin told me
something happened between them.
I don't know.
I feel like sometimes
she's just trying to make me
jealous or something.
Well. what'd she say?
She said that Diego told her
that you had an affair
early on in your relationship.
and that you owe him one.
Kind of insinuating
that if she was interested.
that she could be the one.
What are you looking at?
Uh. just looking
for the best writing sample
for you to share with
Edmund Kerns.
I hope you're not stressing
about that. Diego.
I need Sage. I need Sage
to take a look at this. I...
What I'm about to say
might be...
a little hard for you to hear.
But...
During one of my first
conversations with Sage. I...
I mentioned that you must be
a really talented writer.
Diego. she didn't say anything.
Oh.
She wants to believe in you.
She wishes
that she believed in you.
But you know.
You know that she doesn't.
Um...
No. I... I don't know that.
You know. um.
Sage upended her life
to give me a chance
as a writer.
And I'm not gonna let her down.
Do you wanna know something
your favorite author
said to me once?
I'm sure you know
he's been married for 40 years.
but I bet you didn't know that
before he starts a new book.
he finds a new muse.
Have you guys
discussed that kind of thing?
God. I can't believe
he said that. Um...
No. No. I don't...
I don't owe him one.
Look.
Cin has this effect on men.
You wanna create
something extraordinary. right?
Yeah.
Then you need someone
who believes in you.
Someone who sees you
like the extraordinary human
that you are.
Sage doesn't.
I could be your muse.
Why... Why...
Why are you doing this?
Who were you thinking
about in the bath?
What?
Diego told me that. uh.
he caught you
pleasuring yourself.
I'm sorry.
What?
I think that he is worried
that he's not...
satisfying you.
And I think that he knows that
you were thinking
about someone else
while you were
touching yourself.
Look. whatever Diego...
Whatever he shared with Cin.
and regardless of what
he clearly shared with you. I...
You just got engaged.
didn't you?
Why are you coming on to me?
Oh. I...
I wasn't coming on to you.
Relax. You're so tense.
There's so much time
until they get back.
Do you wanna know
a secret. Diego?
We all have impostor syndrome.
I... I apologize
if I misread the situation.
But I don't think I did.
What are you doing?
Look. are... Are you afraid
of what I might do.
or are you afraid of
what you wanna do?
Can I make an observation?
Diego is a great guy.
I think you're lonely.
I think you know
that I could be there for you.
You have permission to touch me.
I think your panties
are soaking wet
at the fleeting thoughts
you'll allow to enter your brain
of all the things
that we would do to each other.
If you would just...
let yourself.
Oh. shit. We gotta go.
They'll be here soon.
Oh. shit.
Uh. give me the keys.
- Hey. Diego. Is Cin upstairs?
- Uh. yeah.
- Hey.
- What?
It felt like you were gone
a really long time.
I don't feel like
we were gone for that long.
Hey.
I wanted to make sure
that you're okay.
I get the sense
that things have been weird.
What's going on?
Did Diego come on to you?
I don't think
you should ask questions
you don't want the answer to.
What did you and Cin do
while me and Sage were gone?
I don't know. small talk.
That's interesting.
Cin hates small talk.
So much more fun
to get personal.
Would you want to know if Will
did something he shouldn't have?
Would you want Diego to know
if you did something
you shouldn't have?
How are you gonna get
my ring back?
I'm working on it. okay?
I'm working on it.
When Diego and I first met.
I was-- I had just broken up
with this guy.
He was my first love. Anyway.
Sean. the guy. my ex.
came to my apartment. and...
I should've stopped him. but...
But you didn't. right?
We had sex. he left.
and I never saw him again.
You didn't do anything wrong.
You were just playing a game
with different rules.
Diego. Diego. Diego.
You wanna play chess?
I don't play games.
I think you should take this.
- Molly?
- Mm-hmm.
- That's your solution?
-  That's my solution.
Take this.
and for the night. we'll just
forget about what you did.
forget about what Diego did.
and just have fun.
- Okay.
- Okay. count of three.
- One.
- Two.
Three.
He's so...
...good to me.
I want to connect to him
the way that I used to.
but lately.
when we have sex. I fake it.
What?
You do?
Yeah.
Oh. Sage.
This is kind of like
a game of chess.
How am I gonna
get your ring back?
I'm gonna outsmart my opponent.
Do you wanna go swimming?
- Come on. let's go. Let's go.
- Okay.
We are rolling!
Fuck. yeah! Let's do this!
You took Molly?
We did!
- Baby? Can I have some?
- Yeah?
No. you're not invited
to partake.
Neither of you are.
It's ladies' night.
But baby. baby. baby.
I bought it.
- It's my Molly.
-  Sage.
Sage.
Can we talk?
Shh.
You can't come.
Sage. can we talk?
- No. it's ladies' night.
- Sage.
You can't come. Okay. bye.
Well. the next few hours
should be interesting.
Oh. my God.
The rain feels amazing
on my skin.
They've been out there
for a while now.
Please.
would you just relax. Diego?
Just respect ladies' night.
They're gonna be fine.
Hey.
Hm.
Sage. I'm so glad I met you.
What happened
with you and Diego?
Cin. I need to know.
Sage.
Hey.
- I'm gonna go check on them.
- Hey. hey. hey.
I don't think you should.
I wasn't asking
for your opinion.
No. listen to me.
listen to me. listen to me.
You don't have
to take my advice. but...
I really think you should give
Sage a little space right now.
Let her enjoy the drugs.
Cin's gonna take
really good care of her.
I'm gonna go check on her.
Sage!
Sage?
Diego.
Where's Sage?
Somewhere out here.
What have you been doing?
Just talking.
Sage!
Huh.
Sage.
- Hey.
I was looking for you.
I was worried.
I was with Cin.
We should leave as soon
as the storm passes.
Is there something
that you need to tell me?
Like. did something happen?
We can talk about it after
you come down from the Molly.
- I don't know who to trust.
- Why would you say that?
Oh. shit.
Diego. I need
to tell you something.
- What?
- I--
Oh. my God!
- It's just us.
-  Hi.
We weren't sure
where you guys were.
You left me all alone. Sage.
So. so cold out there.
Yeah. I... I needed to get dry.
Storm must have taken down
the power lines.
Well. we have a really nice
fireplace going.
We should stick together.
Uh. I'm gonna check
the breaker box.
Maybe lightning
tripped the main breaker.
No. I bet it's a downed
power line.
- I'm gonna check it anyway.
- No. no. don't worry. you guys.
Look after the girls. okay?
-  Okay.
- I'll check the box.
Mm.
Cin. could you give us a second?
- We need to get dressed.
-  Yeah.
I said--
Uh. we'll be very quick. Cin.
- so I need you--
- I don't want to be alone.
My eyes are closed.
You can change.
It's gonna be okay.
It's very quick.
It's very quick. I promise.
Why do you think
you can't trust me?
Do you trust me?
- What's going on?
- Shh.
You weren't supposed
to leave them alone.
I had to.
Would've been suspicious
if I didn't.
I thought
this would be over by now.
They've been a challenge.
It's so much more fun that way.
Fuck you!
I know there's something
going on between you and Cin!
- Did you fuck her or not?
- I swear to God I didn't!
I don't believe you. Diego!
I don't believe a word that
comes out of your mouth!
Just calm down. please.
- Listen to me.
- I'm not gonna listen to you.
I don't ever wanna see you
or speak to you again!
Sage. wait! Where are you going?
Guys. guys. I need your help.
Sage and I got in a fight.
It wasn't the circuit breaker.
-  What happened?
- You happened! Okay?
She's fucking pissed.
She ran out.
Please go look for her. She said
she never wants to see me again.
Of course we will.
- We'll find her.
- Thank you. Thank you so much.
- Yeah.
- Of course.
-  Sage? Sage?
-  Sage! Sage!
Okay. they're gone. Hey.
Something fucked up
is going on here.
I know. Yeah. no shit.
I didn't really take the Molly.
What? Why didn't you
tell me that before?
'Cause I didn't know if they
were watching or listening.
These?
It's not a real prescription.
- What?
- Where are your keys?
- Fuck.
- Uh...
- Where are your keys?
They're next to my phone.
Here.
- They were just here!
- They're not there?
- No.
- Do you think they took them?
Seems fucking possible
at this point.
Okay.
Okay. I'm gonna
ask you this once.
Okay.
Cin and Will both said to me
that you tried
to sleep with her.
And that I owe you one
- because of Sean.
- They're lying.
- So. just tell me if it's true.
- No. no. no. no.
They're lying. okay?
I didn't know how to tell you
'cause it seems very unlikely.
but she tried to fuck me.
I swear to God.
it was so fucking weird.
- I didn't touch her.
- How did she know about Sean?
I never mentioned Sean
to her. okay?
I told Will about
what happened to Sean.
but not that it meant that
I could sleep with someone else.
Did you tell Will about me
masturbating in the bath?
Sage. no. I promise I didn't.
Okay.
What? Sage.
What? What?
Well. if you didn't tell him.
there's only one way
he could know.
They're recording us?
- Come on.
- Fuck.
-  Room number three.
-  You sure about this?
We don't have another
option. They have our keys.
They get off
on fucking with us.
I think they're playing
some kind of a game.
Well.
if they want us to play.
there has to be a way to win.
What the fuck is this?
Um...
Huh.
- Sage. Sage.
- Yeah.
There's a picture of us here.
- No. What?
- Yeah.
- That is us.
- Are these... other couples?
I don't know.
Oh. my God.
What is this?
What?
This is their house.
This is their fucking house.
- Come here. Take a look at this.
- What?
You were right to be worried.
The cameras
were hidden behind the mirrors.
Shit.
What did you and Cin do
while me and Sage were gone?
-  Hey. Sage?
-  Yeah?
After we booked
our stay. they started
researching us. going through
our socials and everything.
They... They're trying to
make us not trust each other.
We have
to get the fuck out of here.
Delete our fucking videos
and get out of here.
I'm gonna break this thing.
I don't wanna leave anything.
Okay. do you know
what to break? Okay.
Well done. Well played.
Bravo.
You didn't have
to destroy the drive.
Everything's recorded
in the cloud.
What are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
What the fuck is this?
It's just a game. Sage.
Think of it as an opportunity to
prove your love to each other.
Don't you feel like
everywhere you go.
everyone you meet
is playing their own game
by their own rules.
and no one ever tells you
what their rules are?
What?
You guys asked us
to come in here last night.
What would you have done
if we said yes?
I wouldn't have let you
come in here.
I would have stopped you.
Sage. almost getting caught
is part of the fun.
How many fucking times
- have you done this before?
-  Six.
- Six?
- Mm-hm.
Six including them
or not including them?
They asked how many times
we've done this before.
- Six. not including them.
- What am I missing?
Hello? Hello? Okay.
we're out of here. okay?
We don't care about
your little fucking game.
Give us our key back.
Wanna know what happens
when you lose?
No.
Give me my key back.
Diego.
- It's okay.
- If we give you these keys now.
there are things about us
and things about each other...
that you're never gonna know.
- Yeah. we're good. I think.
-  I know you are.
Diego. don't you wanna know just
a little bit more about Sage?
We just really
wanna leave. okay?
Please let us leave.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
Fair enough.
-  Go ahead.
- Come on. Sage.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
- We're gonna miss you.
- Get out of the--
- Hey.
- We're gonna miss you.
- Drive safe.
Hey. give me my ring back.
If you leave now. you leave
without the ring. buddy.
I'll be back for it.
Fuck. it's unplugged.
What?
There's only six miles
in the battery.
He must have unplugged it
right after I plugged it in.
Okay. let's just go.
We're gonna be in the middle
of nowhere in the woods.
Baby. we have to go.
We have to just
get the fuck out of here. okay?
Jesus.
I fucked her. Diego.
I fucked her
in the back of my car.
That's why we were gone
so long earlier.
He tried. Nothing happened.
I bet my cum
is still inside of her. man.
- What?
- He's fucking lying!
Will you just... Just drive!
- No. there is evidence.
There's video. Diego.
- He's playing a fucking game!
-  Come back--
We already won the game. Sage.
I fucked you!
Diego resisted Cin.
but I fucked you.
What is this?
You take two people
that are very fucking in love.
in a committed.
happy relationship.
and you just annihilate it?
Happy and committed
is a stretch. Sage.
But. yes. we... We... We help...
We help people see the truth.
Diego. if you leave now...
- Diego?
- Shut up. shut up.
- Baby--
- Shut up.
Shut up!
Sage. why didn't you
mention this before?
You didn't tell me about Cin.
Not at first. but then I did.
Okay. I didn't
have sex with him.
I didn't tell you because--
Because you cheated before.
I didn't do this.
I don't think
he believes you. Sage.
- I didn't do this.
- Diego.
I mean. she just
doesn't want you to see
the things that she did.
- Baby. please.
- You can't trust her. okay?
We are not safe here. okay?
We have to go now.
I love you. I didn't do this.
I believe her.
Oh.
Sage. why don't you tell him
what you told Cin?
You know what. fuck you
and your game. You lose.
Just go.
Baby? Baby!
Oh. fu... Fuck!
- Hey. Hey!
-  Hey. hey.
Relax.
You're not going anywhere.
- Come on.
- How's your leg. Diego?
Remember this?
It was in your car.
Why us? We haven't done
anything to you.
Diego. It's... It's really--
It's nothing personal.
But if we can destroy
in one weekend
what it's taken you
years to build.
I mean. why should you
be together?
Either you resist us
and prove
your love to each other
and live.
or you wind up at the bottom
of the lake.
No couple's played our game
and made it till the morning.
What makes you guys
any different?
We didn't... We didn't break up.
Oh.
- Yeah.
- We won!
We won your fucking game!
We won.
so you have to let us go!
You have to let us go!
We have to let them go.
We have to let you go?
Wake up. Sage.
All you've done
is lie to each other
since you got here.
Oh.
Give me back my phone!
Look at that.
You have just been approved
for your next rental stay
in Florida.
- Great place.
- Woo-hoo!
Wow.
You'll never show up there. obviously.
Why are you telling us
all of this?
- Tell them.
- Should I tell them?
Let's look back. shall we?
Have you figured it out?
My name is Thomas.
and this is Alice.
Our parents were
Robert and Marilyn Price.
You read about them. Diego.
Room number two.
in the newspapers?
Ooh.
Does that... Does that make
you feel a little outraged?
Not fit with your worldview?
Since we were little. Tom
and I have had a special bond.
We spent all our time together.
Not only were we
brother and sister.
but we were best friends.
Our mom tried to keep us apart.
We'd lie together
and fall asleep.
And our love...
evolved.
When we were teenagers.
our mother caught us
in bed together.
She told our dad.
and he beat us.
They thought we were monsters.
So. we did what we had to.
We proved our love to the world.
Look.
What your parents did
was horrible.
but we're not them.
But you are.
You're the kind of people
that should be judging
your own relationship.
and you're judging ours instead.
Cin. please.
Please. just... Just let us go.
We're not... We're not gonna
tell anybody about this.
So. you have to let us go!
Baby? Oh. Baby?
- Baby?
- My adrenaline.
Oh. I'm feeling really frisky.
I want you.
I want you right now.
- Now?
- Yeah.
Would you guys. uh...
Would you mind if we just...
We'll take...
We'll be back in two minutes.
- Oh. my God.
- Don't move!
Fuck!
Sage? Sage. you gotta run.
You gotta run.
I'm not gonna get far with
this leg. but you gotta run.
I'm not gonna leave you here.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Use your teeth.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
I saw this on TikTok.
Stand up. Stand up.
Listen to me.
- What?
- Just stand up!
-  You got it?
-  Yeah. Okay. okay.
You gotta put your arms up.
and then bring them down
as strong as you can.
- Okay.
- Okay? Okay.
Fuck.
You see?
They were wrong about us.
Look how great
of a couple we are.
- I've been faking it.
- What?
When you quit your job.
all of the financial
responsibility fell on me
without any fucking plan.
And we weren't equals anymore.
And so.
every time we have sex--
- You've been faking it.
- Yeah.
I thought you might be.
but I wasn't sure.
- I can't get this...
- I'm so sorry.
- ...fucking duct tape!
- You're almost there.
Go get the chloroform.
- Go!
- Mm-hm.
- Did you get it?
- Yeah.
Oh. fuck. Okay.
Okay. Let's go. Let's go.
[The Exploited's
"Sex & Violence" playing
Sage. go.
♪ And violence ♪
Go. Go! Get a knife! Go!
♪ And violence
♪ Sex and violence
♪ Sex
♪ And violence
♪ Sex and violence
♪ Sex and violence ♪
Sex and violence ♪
♪ Sex and violence
♪ Sex and violence ♪
Baby. I couldn't find
the chloroform.
♪ Sex and violence
Sex and violence ♪
Oh. my God.
Baby? Baby.
Oh. fuck. Oh. shit. Oh.
Oh. baby. baby. are you--
Wait. wait. wait. Are you okay?
I have glass in my face.
Fuck.
Fucking kill her!
Kill that fucking bitch!
- I'm gonna get her. baby.
- Go.
- Okay?
- Go! Go!
I love you.
Diego!
Diego?
Shit.
You're gonna kill me
with an axe. Sage?
I'll kill you
before you kill me.
"I'll kill you
before you kill me."
You know what?
I'm gonna be
a real gentleman here.
and I'm gonna give you
a free shot.
How's that sound?
I'm gonna give you
till the count of three
to put that axe in my head.
Or I'm gonna go
and get your boyfriend first.
and then I'll come back for you.
Okay?
How much
do you love him. Sage?
Come on. show me
how much you love him.
Would you kill for him?
One.
Two.
Three.
Sage.
I guess
you don't really love him.
You want me to give you
another shot?
I'm gonna give you
another shot. okay?
But this is the last one.
Okay? Okay?
Let's do this.
Come on. Sage.
One.
You can do it! Come on. Sage!
Two.
You can do it.
You got that killer instinct.
Two and a half.
Fuck! Fuck. yeah! Come on!
Come on. again!
I'm so glad you're not going out
without a fight. Sage.
What are you gonna do now?
Fuck.
You fucking bitch!
Sage!
Diego!  Diego!
Sage! Sage!
Sage!
I don't think she's coming. man.
Watch your step.
Watch your-- Aw.
No. no. no.
You don't have to do this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
- No!
- You know.
you think
you're so fucking perfect.
but really. you're just messy.
fucked-up people just like us.
Please. please. please.
No. no. no!
Please! No. no. no!
- No! No!
- No. no. no!
Fuck.
Are you okay?
- I'm not... Not great.
- Here. babe. Here.
- You?
- I've been better.
Where is she?
I stabbed her in the foot.
She's stuck to the dock.
- Okay. Can you stand?
- Yeah. yeah.
Okay.
Chainsaw's dead.
We need to get
the fuck out of here.
Both cars are fucked.
Let's take the boat.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Hang on.
Okay.
I finally have to admit I'm...
I'm not good enough.
Maybe I can write on the side.
but I shouldn't have quit
my job.
I'm a good teacher. you know?
I'm a so-so writer.
I just want you to know that
I'm going back to teaching.
- Okay.
- Okay?
And that you're still
gonna have to read
my mediocre writing.
And maybe now I can write
about fucked-up people.
but our future
won't depend on it.
Fuck! Where did she go?
Got it?
Yeah.
Hang tight!
Oh. shit. We're tied.
Get the axe!
Get the fucking axe!
Die already!
Sage!
Reverse.
- Sage!
- It's stuck!
Sage!
Die!